dear friend, 

i find your email address with emailferret (freeware) which have
access to bigfoot, exite, four11, whowhere?, yahoo etc. if you want to
download this program go to http://www.ferretsoft.com

now read this letter carefully:

this window of opportunity won't stay open long!

********************************************************************

after many attempts of trying to make money on the internet i decided
to give this one a try!

i have been through this program once already.  you have no idea how
profitable it is!  it is definitely the fastest thing available.  we
are talking about thousands of dollars in 2 weeks' time...send it to
as many people as you can (even though it says 20...trust me).  good
luck...you can't lose!!

don't judge too quickly, this might be the answer to all of your
problems!

if you need to make a few thousands dollars really fast, then please
take a moment to read this simple program i am sharing with you.

no, it is not what you think!

you do not have to send $5.00 to five people to buy a report, buy a
recipe, or any other product.

nor will you need to invest more money later to get things going.

this is the fastest program you will ever do!  complete it in one hour
and you will never forget the day you first received it.  if you are
doing other programs, by all means stay with them, but do this program
as well if you can't wait two to three months while your other
programs start to work for you.

the following is a plan to benefit you and your future.  to those
interested in at-home minimal work to earn profits, this is a great
option and much less complicated than the average ad seen in
classifieds for 'email processor'.

be prepared to get excited...  you won't be disappointed!
************************************************************************

read the following and you will agree this is a very exciting
opportunity.  only invest a little bit of time and your reward could
mean thousands of dollars!  good luck!


"it's outrageous!!!, with 2 hours of work i have made over $11,000.00
in the last three weeks... and my investment was just $5.00!!!  i love
it! thank you 11,000 x's!!!"  -julie m. st. louis.

*********************************************************************

$$$ are you in need of money? right now? $$$ how does $10,000 in
two(2) weeks (or less) sound?

don't laugh!  try this for a change while you wait for the others to
start working.  one(1) hour of work to get started and no mailing
lists!


------esquire marketing newsletter gift club-----


********************************************************************
note: this is a service and a product and is 100% legal (refer to us
postal & lottery laws, title 18, sections 1302 and 1341 or title 18,
section 3005 in the us code, also in the code of federal regulations,
volume 16, sections 255 and 436, which state that "a product or
service must be exchanged for money received.")

--------this is how it works--------

unlike many other programs, this three-level program is more realistic
and much, much faster. because it is so easy, the response rate for
this program is very high and very fast, and you will see results in
two weeks or less!

just in time for next month's bills!

you only e-mail out 20 copies ( not 200 or more as in other
programs). you should also send them to people who send you their
programs because they know these programs work and they are already
believers in the system!  besides, this program is much, much faster
and has a higher response rate!

the more copies you send out the more money your likely to
receive. you want to have at least 10 confirmed people that are
participating and have notified you that they are in the program.
even if you are already in a program, stay with it, but do yourself a
favor and do this one as well.  start right now!  it's simple and
takes a very small investment.  it will pay off long before other
letters even begin to trickle in!

just give one person a $5.00 gift. that s all! follow the simple
instructions and in two weeks you could have $10,000 in your bank
account!!! because of the low investment, speed and high profit
potential, this program has a very high response rate. just one (1)
$5.00 bill. that's your investment! +------+ follow these simple
instructions +------+ 1. on a blank sheet of paper write "please add
me to your mailing list and e-mail me the report on "free advertising"
write your name and address clearly and include your email address for
future mailings and courtesy follow ups. fold it around a $5 bill and
send this to the first name on the list (#1). only the first person on
the list gets your name and a five dollar gift. note: this is a
service and a product and is 100% legal (refer to us postal & lottery
laws, title 18, sections 1302 and 1341 or title 18, section 3005 in
the us code, also in the code of federal regulations, volume 16,
sections 255 and 436, which state that "a product or service must be
exchanged for money received.") 2. retype only the list, removing the
first (#1) name from the list.move the other two names up and add your
name to the list in the third(#3) position. 3. send out 20 copies of
this letter.the more the better. note: by sending this letter via
email, the response time is much faster and you save the expense of
envelopes, stamps, and copying services. consider this, millions of
people "surf the internet" everyday, all day, all over the world!
fifty thousand new people get on the internet every month! an
excellent source of names is the people who send you other programs,
and the names listed on the letter they send you. your contact source
is unlimited. it boggles my mind to think of all the possibilities!
mail, or should i say email, your letter today! it's so easy, one hour
of your time. that's it! to send your newsletter by email: 1. go to
"edit" and "select all" 2. go to "edit" and "copy" 3. start (compose)
a new email message 4. address your email and subject blocks 5. go to
"edit" and "paste" after you have pasted this article in your new
email, delete the old header and footer (subject, date, to, from,
etc..). now you can edit the names and addresses with ease. i
recommend deleting the top name, adding your name and address to the
bottom of the list, then simply changing the numbers. there's nothing
more to do. when your name reaches the first position in a few days,
it will be your turn to collect your gifts. the gifts will be sent to
you by 1,500 to 2,000 people like yourself, who are willing to invest
$5.00 and one hour of their time to possibly receive $10,000 in
cash. that s all! there could be a total of $10,000 (or more) in $5.00
bills in your mailbox in two weeks. $10,000 for an hour's work! i
think it's worth it, don t you? go ahead -- try it. it's $5.00! even
if you just make 3 or 4 thousand, wouldn't that be nice?! if you try
it, it will pay!!!! --------true story-------- cindy allen writes: i
ran this gift summation four times last year. the first time i
received over $7,000 in cash in less than two weeks and over $10,000
in cash in the next three times i ran it. i can't begin to tell you
how great it feels not to have to worry about money anymore! i thank
god for the day i received this letter! it has truly changed my life!
don t be afraid to make gifts to strangers, they'll come back to you
ten- fold. so, let's keep it going and help each other in these "tough
and uncertain times." many of us just want to pay off our bills, buy a
new car or buy a new home for our family. whatever your reasons or
needs are, this program worked for cindy and thousands of others (just
like you and me) time and time again! this program can and will work
for you!!! --------can i do it again? -------- of course you
can...this plan is structured for everyone to send only twenty(20)
letters each. however, you are certainly not limited to twenty. mail
out as many as you can. every twenty letters you send has the possibly
of returning to you $10,000 or more. if you can mail forty, sixty,
eighty, or whatever, go for it! the more you put into it, the more you
get out of it! each time you run this program, just follow the steps
(1) through (3) and everyone on your gift list benefits! simple
enough? you bet it is! besides, there are no mailing lists to buy (and
wait for), no further trips to the printer or copiers, and you can do
it again and again with your regular group of gifters, or start up a
new group. some people produce a mailing list of opportunity seekers
and send out 200 or more. why not? it beats working! each time you
receive a mlm offer in the mail, respond with this letter! your name
will climb to the number one position at dizzying geometric
rates. follow the simple instructions and the $$$$$ will come to
you!!! --------mail your letters out today-------- $$$ together, we
will prosper $$$ mail your $5.00 "gift" to the first name on the list
only. remove the first name and move the other two up one place and
put your name in the #3 position. good luck!!!


p.s. please send a courtesy reply to the person that you received this
from that you are in so they will know when they have signed up their
10 winners! i have been through the program and made good money,but
recently i have done some monitoring of this program and it seems that
there are those that don't want to play fair. they want to add their
names to the list and not mail anything to the person in the #1
position !. therefore in an effort to maintain the integrity of the
program, i have added the report on free advertising. when the person
in #1 gets the envelope with the $5.00 bill they will e-mail the
report on advertising, to the person who is now in the #3 position,
therefore if you don't send your $5.00 you don't have the report to
send to those that send you $5.00. now you are breaking the law
because you are not sending what you said you would! i'm money
conscious, but also knew that i would just as easily spend $5.00 on
junk food or something else that wouldn't amount to much. you probably
don't believe this will work, but if you don't try you will never
know. that's the way i felt. try it. you won't be sorry. best wishes
in all your ventures. sincerely, marius petre
